You gave me my life
Now I'll give him back to you.
We don't owe each other in the future
Please stop talking.
He's okay, he's okay.
Now Xiaohui is finally saved
Are you all right?
I'm fine, I'm not in the mood.
Miss, you are finally awake
Come have a glass of water thank you
What is this place?
This is the Su family's nanny room
Don't worry, miss.
The wife is taking care of the young master in the hospital
Grandpa is upstairs
They don't know you're here
Miss, don't you remember me?
I'm Aunt Gui
When you were little
The old lady is busy with work
Or did I raise you?
Aunt Gui, what is your relationship with Song Yunjiang?
I have nothing to do with him
He's not even your real father
Pardon me?